Shortcut for html-Preview: strg-shift-h
Home:
My pitch:
Hintergrundbild schiebt sich hinein, dazu kommen von allen Seiten Sechsecke herangeschossen, welche über dem Hintergrund bleiben, diese Bilden ein Netz über dem Hintergrund,
Dazu wird Text bei dem Rechtecken eingeblendet, welcher ebenfalls wie die Sechsecke geflogen kommt, und mich sehr kurz und knapp beschreibt

Highlights: (keine Highlights in Home!)

Scrollen:
Work with me
Ausschnitt aus My Vision
ausschnitt aus Work

My Vision:
"Believe you can and you're halfway there." -Autor suchen
Darstellung: Goals und Visionen untereinander darstellen, erster Block: Visionen, zweiter Block: Untervisionen mit jeweilgen Goals erklärt, Highlights: meine Superpower
Highlights:
If I decide to do anything, no matter how demanding it might be for my age, how many time it might take or how difficult it is for one single person, I am simply going to make it.
The point is, I teached myself to build that kind of an unbreakable mindset helping you to push through it, whatever it takes. I am motivated, I never give up.
Further, my motivation is contagious, I'm recognizing again and again that people next to me do join the process, it's like a domino.

"Math is the queen of science"
You need to know, I am really into mathematics. Currently, I am learning about contents from an intermediate math study courses, while I'm three and a half years away from graduation.
Same happens to programming.
So I was participating in a math competition on a national level, and there were nearly a dozen of students from my school participating with me, as they got to know how much fun I had doing this.

Visionen:
"Sometimes I imagine living in the future, around a year like 2,250. An average lifespan is like a few hundred years, you got more time spending with your nexts. The humanity is living peacefully, spreading to multiple planets in the whole galaxy. I see myself flying in a spaceship, and looking to the stars, far away, but even so close. It feels like I am an extremly small part of that bg system, as it doesn't matter what we do and who we are, but my experience says it doesn't. I know I have the possibility to make a change in the world, no matter how big. I know it, becuase I already did."

This sounds like science fiction, but, hey, why shouldn't be we looking forward a scientific future where all those big problems are solved?

My goals are participating in the development of sustainable healthcare products, multiplying the average lifespan of a human, flying through space and see the colonization of the mars with my own eyes, not just in movies.
I want to manage leading companies, learn more about mathematics, use artificial intelligence to make our life easier and revolutionize the education of every person, every child on this planet, because I truly believe, education is for everyone.

About Me:
"Age is just a number, so money and grades are."
Dargestellt als Spinnennetzgrafik:
Education: Visitting 10th grade of a gymnasium in Germany
Started programming at the age of 10
Started growing Instagram accounts at the age of 13
Reading one book every week (no novels!)
Learned about building an online business
Life saver and competition swimmer
Triathlete
Interested in biology, especially genetics and anti-aging (Forschung)
(Hochbegabter) mathematics-freak and really into programming
Developing next level chatbots
MM-Logo einbauen, außerdem Triathlon-Icons und mehr Branding
Highlight: Why I really started programming
(Okay, please don't laugh at me for that story ;-)
As mentioned in my bio, I was a bit addicted to a mobile game called "Clash of Clans". I played that game a few hours every day, and I was a really good gamer. You need to know, the game consists of fighting other players and building an own clan. That's when programming came to my mind. I wanted to create a website for my clan, being able to organize and manage it better and find more amazing other gamers. Finally, I figured out, how to build a website and even programmed it, but (honestly, thanks to my parents), it never launched. However, I even build an application modelling the algorithm of the game, telling me which opponent I should battle with, which to skip, which buildings to upgrade and so on. I became an amazing player.
(Glücklicherweise), I got rid of that addiction by time. At one moment, sitting in my bed and losing a battle and 3.30am, I felt like I had (keine Lust mehr) playing that game.
But, the plus point was, I started programming.
Bio:
2004: (Geburt)
2010 to 2014: Visitted elemtary school
2013: Got my first laptop as a brithday gift
2013, later: Started writing short novels, learned (10 finger system)
2013, November: Wrote my first HTML-"Program"
2014, January: Wrote my first Java-Application simulating an algorithm to perform better in an online game
2014: Got a digital camera as another birthday gift, learned creating awesome photos and films
2014 to right now: Visitting gymnasium in Germany
2014, 2015: Got a bit addicted of those online-games
2015, later: Started doing swimming on a (häufiger) basis
2016, March: Started my first Instagram-account, publishing my own footage
2016, later: Learned editing pictures and movies professionally
2016, September: Finally got rid of any gaming addictions through the help of sport & deinstalled online games (damn, I was playing as a top 50 player in Germany for a few month)
2016, November: Created an own Instagram botting tool (stupid idea!) and played around with several APIs
2017, May: Started more Instagram accounts, figured out how to build a bigger following, published better and better photos
2017, September: First won a bigger swimming competition
2017, 26th of November (I remember that date exactly): My computer got hacked, I lost all my Instagram accounts (außer einem) and previously created programs, simply every pice of data on my computer
2017, after hacking attack: Started over again, took a break of Instagram, created a back-up of my computer (if you read that, make a back-up now!)
2017, December: Learned programming on a new level: Created own firewalls and security-applications, used public APIs & programmed way better applications, learned about machine learning, databank-management and Big-Data-Science, created AI-algorithms
2018, beginning: Wrote a 500-page novel (just because I always wanted to do that)
2018, spring: Started becoming a Triathlete
2018, spring too: Started studying more and more about biology, epigenetics and anti-aging
2018, April: Started new Instagram accounts, this time on a profrssional, business level
2018, June: Started reading one book per week, learned about (Persönlichkeitsentwicklung), gained more commitment in what I loved doing
2018, August: Started managing my time better, now learning 10 hours a week about programming
2019, March: Started another Instagram-account, started coonecting with same-minded-people (very important step!)
2019, May: Won another math-competition
2019, August: Finally build that "whatever it takes, I will never give up and give my everything mindset"
2019, November (now writing this): Currently making insanly progress on every area of my life

Work with me:
Currently, I am 15 years old. That means, I am not able to deal with bigger (Mengen) of money.
Frankly speaking, I would really like to offer a building-whatever-you-like service, but I could accept all the money.
But anyway, I've found different solutions with other people: They gave me shoutouts, I created them content. Or we both exchanged knowledge.
The purpose of this online-(Präsenz) is not making as much money as possible, it's creating valuable connections.
I'd really like to get in touch with YOU, no matter if there are any business-thoughts or not.
My goal is to connect with people thinking like me. To exchange knowledge and help each other.
I do help you creating websites or whatever comes to your mind too, if you want that.
Just feel free to contact me, no matter why, contact information are on the right or in the footer below.
Highlight:
How to contact me:
DM me on one of my Instagram pages (IG-Logo als Link)
DM me on my personal Instagram account (IG-Logo als Link)
Shoot me a message via Email (Email-Link)
Contact me via LinkedIn (LinkedIn Link)
I'd love to read your message!

Get Resume: (als Bild implementiert)
(Obwohl) I am not 18 yet and not allowed to make "big deals", I'd like to (bereitstellen) you a resume showing how we could help each other.
Simply right click the image and choose "save image".
"Here goes the resume"
